James Covino
1 .Download boxes.html and boxes.css from moodle. Place both of them in the same directory, then open boxes.html using either Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome.
Right click on the webpage to inspect the elements (“Inspect Element” in Firefox, “Inspect” in Chrome).

2.Give div1 a new background color. What css rule did you use? How would you write it in a css file so that only this div gets the new background color?
	I call on the id using
		#div1{
			background-color:red;}

2.1 Edit the margin and padding attributes of the divs. What does changing the margin do? What does changing the padding do?
	Padding defines the space inside the element and the border. 
	Padding is the space that's inside the element between the element and the border. CSS padding 		adjustments are allowed on all four sides of the element.
	Margin is the space between the border and next element.

3. Now change the background color of the <p> element inside div 1 to yellow.
	#div1 p{
	background-color: yellow;}

3.1 Change the margin and padding of the yellow <p>. What happens if the margin is greater than 100px? What happens if the padding is greater than 100px?
	As the margin is increased then the distance between each box (element) top and left side of screen is 	increased. Since the action is done upon the p element, the text "1" is moved. At a setting of 100 the 	1 moves outside of the div1 box.

	As the padding is made bigger the selected element is stretched out and made bigger. Since the action 	is done upon the p element, the yellow text "1" is moved down into the div2 box


3.2 Keeping the padding greater than 100px, change the overflow of div1. What is the difference between scroll and hidden?
	The overflow property specifies what should happen if content overflows an element's box.
	scroll: The overflow is clipped, but a scroll-bar is added to see the rest of the content
	hidden: The overflow is clipped, and the rest of the content will be invisible


4. Refresh the page to return the divs to their original states.
4.1 Give all divs the float: left attribute. What order are they in? What if they all have the float: right attribute instead?
	Float Left- they are now horizontal in a single row: 1,2,3  (left to right) - with 1 touching top left 	screen border
	Float Right-they are still horizontal in a single row but 3,2,1 (left to right) - with 1 touching top 	right screen border.

4.2 Keeping all divs with the float: right attribute, give each one in turn the two attributes float: left and clear: right. Describe the relative positions of the boxes with each combination.

#div1{
	float:left;
	clear: right;} 
	Results in box 1 being on the top left border,  3,2 on right top border, with all on the same row.

#div2{
	float:left;
	clear: right;} 
	Results in box 2 on the left top border, 1 box down space from the top. Box 1 and 3 are aligned 	vertically (same column) on far top right corner.

#div3{
	float:left;
	clear: right;}
	Results in box 3 on the left top border, 1 box down space from the top. Box 2 and 1 are aligned 	horizontally (same row) on far top right corner

5.Refresh the page to return the divs to their original states. 
Give the body element a margin value of 0px. What changes? What does this tell you about the default margin value?
	No Change. The default is Margin at 0. With this example a Margin of 0 has no space between the box 	element.
